It's too dangerous with all the Sand People around. We'll have to wait until morning. Luke, I'm shutting the power down for the night. All right, I'll be there in a few minutes. Boy, am I gonna get it. You know that little droid is going to cause me a lot of trouble. Oh, he excels at that, sir. Luke? Luke? Luke? Where could he be loafing now! Have you seen Luke this morning? He said he had some things to do before he started today, so he left early. Uh? Did he take those two new droids with him? I think so. Well, he'd better have those units in the south range repaired bemidday or there'll be hell to pay! How's that. Old Ben Kenobi lives out in this direction somewhere, but I don't see how that R2 unit could have come this far. We must have missed him. Uncle Owen isn't going to take this very well. Sir, would it help if you told him it was my fault. Sure. He needs you. He'd probably only deactivate you for a day or so... Deactivate! Well, on the other hand if you hadn't removed his restraining bolt... Wait, there's something dead ahead on the scanner. It looks like our droid... hit the accelerator. Hey, whoa, just where do you think you're going? Master Luke here is your rightful owner. We'll have no more of this Obi-Wan Kenobi jibberish... and don't talk to me of your mission, either. You're fortunate he doesn't blast you into a million pieces right here. Well, come on. It's getting late. I only hope we can get back before Uncle Owen really blows up. If you don't mind my saying so, sir, I think you should deactivate the little fugitive until you've gotten him back to your workshop. No, he's not going to try anything. What's wrong with him now? Oh my... sir, he says there are several creatures approaching from the southeast. Sand People! Or worse! Come on, let's have a look. Come on. There are two Banthas down there but I don't see any... wait a second, they're Sand People all right. I can see one of them now. Hello there! Come here my little friend. Don't be afraid. Don't worry, he'll be all right. What happened? Rest easy, son, you've had a busy day. You're fortunate you're still in one piece. Ben? Ben Kenobi! Boy, am I glad to see you! The Jundland Wastes are not to be traveled lightly. Tell me, young Luke, what brings you out this far? Oh, this little droid! I think he's searching for his former master... I've never seen such devotion in a droid before... there seems tobe no stopping him. He claims to be the property of an Obi-Wan Kenobi. Is he a relative of yours? Do you know who he's talking about? Obi-Wan Kenobi... Obi-Wan? Now thats a name I haven't heard in a long time... a long time. I think my uncle knew him. He said he was dead. Oh, he's not dead, no... not yet. You know him! Well of course, of course I know him. He's me! I haven't gone by the name Obi-Wan since oh, before you were born. Then the droid does belong to you. Don't seem to remember ever owning a droid. Very interesting... I think we better get indoors. The Sand People are easily startled but they will soon be back and in greater numbers.